[Music]
welcome back to movie plot revealing
as the film starts we see a medical
student named mary
she was attending her lectures in the
class
meanwhile her phone rings but her
professor doesn't like this that he
scolds her while saying that turn off
her phone in my class in the future
mary says sorry to her professor but he
ignores her and moves from there
now we come to know that mary is not
stable financially
she needs money because she was studying
she wasn't finding any job
so she starts searching for jobs online
she finds a club job the job is to dance
she immediately applies for it then she
goes to that club for her
interview going inside the club she sees
that the owner of the club is sitting
that he asks different questions from
her
seeing her papers he comes to know that
she is a medical student that he was
taking more information from her
suddenly he goes to his bodyguard
returning after some time he asks mary
that have you done surgery before
okay if you haven't done so tell me can
you do it mary says yes
why not that owner takes her with him
somewhere the owner tells mary that i
will give you five thousand dollars in
return for this work hearing it mary
becomes happy
but she thinks that what kind of task is
it that he will pay me five thousand
dollars
she asks the owner but the owner says
that walk with me silently and you just
mind your business
then they come to a place mary sees that
an injured man
in front of her he was soaked in blood
and if none would come there soon maybe
he would die
now the hour asks mary that you are from
the medical field
so stop his blood because this was a
street club and here many fighting
happen
due to it many people were injured here
mary heals his wound the owner of the
club
gives her five thousand dollars mary
moves from there speedily and then
thinks at night that what kind of task
it was
that i got five thousand dollars in
return
in the office she gets only five six
dollars in return for a bandage someone
so she keeps thinking this
mary was thinking this meanwhile a wrong
number was continuously calling her
at first she doesn't receive it because
of continuous calling
she picks up the call there was a lady
on the other side
she asks mary are you doctor mary
but mary says her no wrong number but
after some time someone knocks at her
door
while sacrin mary moves to the door and
she has a baseball bat
in her hand so that if there will anyone
else
at the door sh can hit him as she opens
the door it was the same lady who called
her
she was wearing a red dress her face
was creepy like she has done plastic
surgery on her face several times
her eyebrows were thin and she was
looking like a cartoon character
mary asks her that who are you and how
did you come to my home
that lady tells her that doesn't get
nervous about the club in which you come
for an interview
i work there i take you to a dress
from your papers mary says that okay but
what happened to your face
that lady tells that don't get worried
about this
i have done this myself am i looking
like a cartoon character
that was my favorite character and see
i have to get up like that character my
friend also
wants plastic surgery i heard that you
are a medical student and you know very
much and you are very talented that so
can you do this for my friend
her face is modification but mary says
that how is it possible
the lady says that for this you will get
a lot of money mary agrees
because she needs money now that lady
takes mary to a place with her
going there mary meets that lady's
friend her face was already changed
like a barbie but not a beautiful barbie
but a funny and creepy barbie
the girl says to mary that i like
barbies that i have already done
face modification that i want to modify
my body and be like barbie
mary agrees to it because she will get a
lot of money for this the procedure
starts and mary was doing modifications
as that girl wants
after doing her work she moves from
there while taking her money
the next day we see that mary is in
medical school
then a senior doctor meets her at the
hospital and he says that i want to take
a small test of yours that a man has
died here
you have to inform his family mary goes
with confidence and informs his family
nicely that your husband is no more
seeing it the doctor becomes happy that
mary knows how to talk that he says to
her that she will become a good surgeon
then mary meets that lady outside the
medical college who took mary to her
friend
she gives her a gift and says that my
friend likes your modification
this gift is from her side but a doctor
sees
them mary immediately comes inside she
comes to know that there is a party at a
doctor's home
many peoples are invited there and mary
is one of them dot at night
mary sees the pictures of the girl whose
surgery she has done but she doesn't
like her
that how can someone post like this she
wears the dress to the party which she
received as a gift but the doctor who
arranged the party misbehaves with mary
mary thinks to take revenge on him she
plans that she will also do his
modification
she makes this thing her profession that
a girl comes to her to divide her tongue
into two pieces.to place cuts in the
body in each type of modification is
done by mary from which she earns a lot
of money that a detective comes to marry
one day and he asks her that a doctor is
missing that he is talking about the
doctor
mary went to his party mary asks him
that why are you asking me about that
doctor
he tells her that according to your
senior doctor you were with him
and i have gone to everyone connected
with that doctor dot to involve them in
the investigation is my task
mary says that no i don't know about him
mary goes to that club owner and tells
him that today a detective came to me
and you know who gave him my name my
senior doctor
so the owner of the club goes to that
doctor.he beats him a lot
he tortures him and he also got the
video that was made by his companion
doctor while misbehaving with mary
seeing it he becomes shocked after it
the lady again meets mary who has done
her friend's modification
after it she tells mary that there are
twins and they want to exchange their
arms
for this they need you mary meets those
girls they ask that
are you willing for surgery mary says
yes i can do but i need someone's help
with this
now she starts the surgery with a doctor
it was a strange surgery there is a risk
of wasting blood
or even death also if it will not be
done
nicely but they successfully changed
their arms after it
mary goes to a room there she imprisoned
that doctor
she kidnapped him and she had cut his
legs and even hands also
she had sewn his mouth his body was
hanged through hooks
this was a strange way to torture after
it
mary takes the pictures of that doctor
meanwhile the police arrived there
the police were there to release that
doctor
but mary kills him while pushing him and
after all this mary was scared
the bodyguard of the club owner says to
her that you have to be brave
these hardships often come the task you
are doing this is a small thing in it
now the twins have also given mary her
money she becomes happy that on the
other side
we see the girl who made her body like a
barbie her husband becomes angry seeing
her that what have you done with your
body
the detective again comes to mary's
house that he tells her that the other
doctor is also missing do you know about
him mary knows that the club owner had
caught him after kidnapping him
she doesn't say anything and she gives
something intoxicated to the detective
in water
then the detective says that the doctor
who was missing before
he was really a bad human that he has
done bad with many people
whoever has kidnapped him because of his
own mistake
mary takes his glass and changes his
water because he was favoring her dot it
means if it will prove
that mary is doing bad with him maybe
she will not be arrested
from there mary goes to the club because
she wants to ask the owner that has he
kidnapped the other doctor
she sees that there is another girl she
beats the other girl a lot
but she leaves her because of the
cameras
she asks the owner that has he kidnapped
the doctor
he says yes with it he tells mary that
the lady who brings clients to you
she is not receiving the call for two
days
she is also not coming to the club mary
becomes worried because of it
that it happens for the first time from
there mary goes to her house
but she receives a call at night that
was of the lady and it is shown that she
is badly injured
she was lying on the floor that someone
has beaten her badly
she was telling mary that the girl whose
body we modify
as barbie her husband was aggressive.he
has taken all information about you
while blackmailing me
soon he will be coming to you but before
mary does anything or runs from there
the husband of that girl attacks her dot
he stabs something
sharp in her belly due to it there was a
deep cut in her belly
her belly was bleeding but mary also
attacks him because of it
he also dies that in the last mary tries
to escape her life
she tries to fill up hr cut but till
then her much blood was wasted
and now it was useless both of them die
here
when the police arrive here they come to
know that mary has done bad
she shouldn't modify people's bodies
like this the end of evil tasks
is always bad and she gets her
punishment
with it here this movie ends
thank you for watching and don't forget
to subscribe my channel